[docs/markdown] streamline agent guidance (#4218)
commonwarexyz/monorepo: AGENTS.md

# Commonware agent guidance

Commonware is a Rust workspace of high-performance distributed-systems primitives for adversarial environments. Make the smallest complete change that solves the task, and follow nearby code before introducing a new pattern.

## Non-negotiable design constraints

> - Treat every externally supplied value as adversarial. Prioritize correctness and performance over style-only refactors, especially in reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Treat every externally supplied value as adversarial.
- Correctness is the top priority. Maintainability and style are important, but should not be detrimental to performance.
```

I worry a bit with the current language that we might be steering towards "make the code ugly and unmaintainable so long as it improves performance, regardless of context"

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/commonwarexyz/monorepo/pull/4218/changes/feea737075c66414760a909d6641ae2648960df2

- Protocol primitives must remain runtime-agnostic. Do not introduce direct `tokio` usage outside runtime-owning code, runtime utilities, command-line paths, benches, or tests. Use the traits in `runtime/src/lib.rs` instead.
- Use `commonware_macros::select!` for concurrent operations. Async trait methods return `impl Future<Output = Result<T, Error>> + Send`; add `Send + 'static` bounds where required.

> - Do not add a new dependency for a core mechanism or algorithm that the workspace should own. Avoid allocations and dynamic dispatch on hot paths; prefer `Bytes`, cheap `Arc` clones, and static dispatch when appropriate.

Reviewer: If possible could we rephrase this to be a positive sentence? (I'm a bit paranoid about polluting context with a creative idea of what not to do)

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/commonwarexyz/monorepo/pull/4218/changes/feea737075c66414760a909d6641ae2648960df2
